hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 1984 film The Terminator so
let's get started
the film is based on the premise that in
the future robots will take over the
world and try to eradicate mankind
majority of the film is set in Los
Angeles in the year 1984 where two
beings have just arrived from the future
one is a Terminator t800 played by
Arnold Schwarzenegger the terminators
are a type of robot with many different
versions designed to kill humans in the
future this terminer was sent back to
kill Sarah Connor because in the future
she will give birth to a son who will be
the leader of the human resistance
against the machines the other being
that has arrived as Kyle Reese a human
resistance member who was sent to
protect Sarah Connor the Terminator
begins to attack and kill every woman
named Sarah Connor as he does not know
exactly what the real Sarah Connor looks
like Kyle Reese is able to locate the
real Sarah Connor using a picture he was
given and tells her that there is a
defense network known as Skynet that
will eventually become self-aware and
start a nuclear holocaust wiping out a
large portion of the human race
the humans were nearing victory against
the machines in the future so the robot
sent the Terminator to kill Sarah Connor
so her future son John Connor would
never be able to lead the resistance
initially Sarah does not believe Kyle
but after the Terminator tax and they
escape a few times she starts to believe
at some point the two develop a romantic
connection and have sex with one another
the Terminator finds them again and they
go into a factory where the final battle
begins kyle is using pipe bombs to fight
the Terminator and shoves one into the
terminators abdomen which explodes and
kills Kyle and severely damages the
Terminator the damaged Terminator still
tries to attack Sarah but she crushes
the Terminator with a hydraulic press
finally destroying it
the film ends showing Sara seven months
later pregnant with Kyle being the
father she has been recording audio
tapes for her on born son John and has a
picture taken the same picture that Kyle
had at the beginning of the film she
then drives off into the approaching
storm so that was the spoilers for the
Terminator if you have a film you'd like
to see me spoil please let me know in
the comments below check out movie's
spoiler alerts on the various forms of
social media listed below and remember
to like and subscribe thanks for
watching